                                  complete process ()


The project uses bluetooth communication via an HC-05 bluetooth module to send the commands to the most commonly used microcontroller- Arduino UNO. The robot is powered on a 12V lead acid battery, the ideal voltage for all motors used here. The best part is that the mops used were homemade, from old CDs and rags and they clean just perfectly. This is a smaller version so might not be suitable for a large area. There can be tons of other features added, like making it completely autonomous. steps: 1.The first step is to prepare the base on which the parts will be placed. 2.After this, drill two holes each at the back for both the motor clamps. Make proper measurements such that both should be parallel to each other. Fix them in place using some screws then attach the motors to the clamps. 3. To make cheap DIY circular floor moppers, we can use hardwooden piece or old cds along with a piece of cloth. 4.Take iron wires and start sewing and making folds to the cloth in such a way that it surrounds the part 5.Attach wheels to both the geared motors. Hot glue the wheels to the parts. The moppers have to be placed in the front. Hot glue the motors in such a way that the cloth stays away from each other and the motors are at an equal distance from the sides. Make sure the cloth properly touches the floor 6 for water system we use water bottle,pumping system,servo moter .attach string to servo.for watering we make vaccume(almost )in bottle 7 . Take two pieces of vinil tubing. One will be connected to the inlet of pump to take water from the reservoir and the second one will be used to take water from the pump to the floor. Adding tubing to the outlet will be done later. The water system an be switched on/off via your smartphone just like other controls. 8.For the mop geared motors and the water system to be controlled via arduino, there has to be an external circuit as both of them need 12V to run but arduino can only provide a 5V output.so we use whiteboard circuit.

link for video https://drive.google.com/open?id=12x0mLkGaV_WYkWhenTyT5EwVWt9EwGGP